## Voting member attendance

* [ ] Josh Bainbridge   Framestore
* [ ] Lorna Dumba Framestore

# Agenda

- General

- Discuss the role of the TSC

- Discussed the pitch plan

# Action Items (AIs)

    02 Jun 2023 Lorna Dumba to pass on note to John M (Linux Foundation) and ask for Git handle
    02 Jun 2023 Lorna Dumba to email TAC to request OpenQMC on Weds Jul 12th and get confirmation
    02 Jun 2023 Lorna Dumba to remind  TAC pich date then pre-presentation, Thurs June 15th,  to Michael and Manne
    Note: Any work pre-marketing material such as render image, narrative and Josh profile, Nathan team story and further mediums will also happen post the pitch
    02 Jun 2023 Lorna Dumba to check the sequence of events post pitching with John M (Linux Foundation)
    09 Jun 2023 Lorna Dumba to create a hub that includes agenda item doc for sharing with others through Confluence
    02 Jun 2023 Lorna Dumba to share ASWF OS Beers of a Feather via email to Technology

# Notes

- General
This is a version of the TSC meeting note template and is only partly referencing the notes per kick off.
Future meetings will adjust as needed to meet the structure as is relevant.

- Discuss the role of the TSC
Suggested to have an external representative to join the TSC. John M (Linux Foundation) or Mark Hills (ex Framestore / CleanFeed)
Note: This should only happen post pitch to ASWF/acceptance to sandbox.


- Discussed the pitch plan
Josh suggested part of the pitch to include achieveable outcomes to allow to progress to the next stage of the project level (e.g. project is adopted by a number of projects etc). Establish this at the beginning and dicussion in the session.

# Chat

Will add these notes to git.
